Update guide for Linux preview (#14171)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/linux/index.md

1. Set up the [Docker repository](../../engine/install/ubuntu.md#install-using-the-repository).
2. Download and install the Tech Preview Debian package:
    ```console
    $ curl https://desktop-stage.docker.com/linux/main/amd64/73772/docker-desktop.deb --output docker-desktop.deb
    $ sudo apt install ./docker-desktop.deb
    ```

> 3. Check the user belongs to the `docker` and `kvm` groups. The host might need to be restarted for the group configuration to be loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check whether the user belongs to `docker` and `kvm` groups. You may need to restart the host to load the group configuration.
```

$ sudo apt remove docker-desktop
```

> ## Known issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known issues

```

Reviewer: nit: add extra line after heading

>  - `Reset to factory defaults` currently does not work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The **Reset to factory defaults** option on the **Troubleshoot** page currently does not work.
```

>  - At the end of installation, apt produces an error due to installing a downloaded package. This should be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - At the end of the installation process, `apt` displays an error due to installing a downloaded package. You can ignore this error message.
```

$ sudo apt remove docker-desktop
```

## Known issues

 - The **Reset to factory defaults** option on the **Troubleshoot** page currently does not work.
 - At the end of the installation process, `apt` displays an error due to installing a downloaded package. You can ignore this error message.

>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
```console
```

Reviewer: nit: a line before the error message
